More Release guide updates (#4177)
purescript/purescript: RELEASE_GUIDE.md

- Document any language changes in the documentation repo
  - In particular, it's worth checking that the getting started guide in the
    documentation repo still works
- If any of the below conditions are true, update Pursuit to depend on the latest release

>   and redploy it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and redeploy it:
```

    - there have been changes to any `Prim` modules (even if they are just
  documentation changes)
    - there have been changes to the documentation JSON format
- Create a new package set for the release

> - Update Try PureScript to the latest release and package set and reploy TryPureScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update Try PureScript to the latest release and package set and redeploy it
```
